what I think of BMW I think of BMW
racing the m1 sports cars when I think
of sports cars
I think of fast driving down the country
road when BMW thinks the sports cars
they think of this
makes me think of a paint department at
Home Depot or Jackson Pollock drunk at
the wheel thank God when I Drive the BMW
z4 I think about so much more
my wife had a 98 z3 six-cylinder the
wide fender handled really well it had
this kind of front planted tail happy
traditional classic sports car handling
was a fun car to toss around wasn't
perfect but you felt you were driving a
great car coming into this car the
second generation in the third
generation car
second generation z4 my fear was that
this car would become a little bit of a
poser car I'm sitting in an interior
that clearly is very very very well
designed styled it uses of luxury more
than the price point of this car which
is a fifty or sixty thousand dollar car
but I'm telling you this is a step in
toward hundred thousand dollar
comparables and the light-years away
from $50,000 Corvette in two years I'm
gonna trust all you car people to go to
the Internet and check the specs what
we're gonna do is spend a lot of time
talking about how this car feels and
drives this is the smaller normally
aspirated three liter motor there's a I
think a 255 horsepower but what I do
know is a twin-turbo thing in the three
five car that probably is more desirable
I'm not a big horsepower guy to me it's
all about balance and and the ability of
this car to handle we're going to talk
about the M suspension that has various
settings from Sport Plus because it's
got the steptronic automatic
transmission to normal which is supposed
to be your let's go pick up the laundry
mode so we start to one things up and
you feel that the steering input is
really good this car transitions why am
i using the signal to turn an open feel
and we're gonna start getting some speed
here and the first thing I do is come
down here and go for the brakes and this
car very positive you can feel the
weight transfer
there's no nosedive and it was good and
the big thing about braking is not so
much applying the brakes it's coming off
the brake and keeping the car balanced
and what happens to the car when you do
that and on this car Blake's in turn in
lift off the nose doesn't come up the
car doesn't bounce just very good on
braking very solid very secure you know
where you're going
before we got in the z4 I started to
wonder what BMW was thinking I feared it
was going to be the female poser let's
go to the club it's all about style not
about driving some type of Heather if
you will
driving with it this is for anyone who
wants to make a statement and anyone who
appreciates really driving for the car
there are probably other two-seaters
other style cars to be seen but this is
a car that participate and drive and
that's typical BMW so while I love
slamming them for too many crossovers
and suv's they really haven't lost the
essence of the ultimate driving machine
and this two-seater
despite the fact there's no actual em
edition is an extension of everything em
and ultimate driving represents so this
is leo in the new 2010 BMW z4 okay we
like this car we like this car alarm
you